[Music]
the weirdest towns around the world slab
City California United States of America
best recognized as an off-grid town
painted in colorful art with music
events much like a never-ending mini
Burning Man this campsite is located
among abandoned World War two Marine
barracks now used by recreational
vehicle owners and squatters with about
150 permanent residents this site is
also popular for seasonal campers known
as snowbirds who migrate there for the
winter
mensah atmosphere Cairo Egypt a slum off
the largest city in the Middle East
whose dwellers make a living recycling
the garbage of 17 million Egyptians also
known as garbage city there is no
running water or electricity and despite
living in a cluster of trash the
citizens are known to be happy recycling
80 to 90% of all garbage in the region
makes it one of the most efficient
organizations in the world
chef Chauhan Morocco this town was
originally built in 1471 as a small
fortress in 1930 the town was painted a
soothing shade of blue the paint theme
is said to have been done to keep drug
users calm while hallucinating the
community itself is known for the
production of marijuana and is
considered to be the cannabis capital of
the world Centralia Pennsylvania the
United States of America a coal mining
town whose population plummeted when the
ground started smoldering in 1962 due to
a massive tunnel fire that started in
1932 this mostly abandoned town with
sinkholes toxic clouds and an overall
lack of oxygen was the original
inspiration for video game Silent Hill
there is no known way to extinguish the
underground fire and it is estimated to
burn for another 300 years
coober pedy australia an opal mining
town in the Australian outback where the
temperature gets so high the residents
live underground due to the industry the
underground town is quite wealthy with
modern homes hotels gift shops museums
and a church the few signs of
civilization above the town include a
golf course and metal tree sculptures
Gibsonton Florida United States of
America a town where sideshow performers
are known to settle numerous people in
the carnival and circus businesses go to
retire or spend their offseason the town
offered unique circus zoning laws that
allowed residents to keep elephants and
circus trailers on their front lawns it
was home to some of the most iconic
freakshow performers and had a first and
only post office with a counter for
little people Miyako Jima Island Tokyo
Japan based on an active volcano whose
constant stream of sulfuric acid gas
often reaches lethal levels its citizens
are required to carry gas masks with
them at all times
sirens regularly blare gas warnings day
and night health checks are conducted
routinely and there are age restrictions
in certain areas despite all of this the
island is still a hot spot for tourism
Manoa Nebraska United States of America
in 2000 the village had a total
population of two people a married
couple Rudi and Elsie oiler mr. Eilert
died in 2004 leaving his wife as the
only remaining resident today she acts
as mayor granting herself a liquor
license and pays taxes to herself she
produces a municipal Road plan every
year to secure state funding for four
streetlights she also runs a popular
Tavern in the village that draws
customers from neighboring towns as well
as a 5,000 volume library founded in
Rudie Eiler kowloon walled city hong
kong china the world's most densely
populated city ever home to up to 50,000
people at a mere six and a half acres
made up of 300 conjoined high-rise
buildings built without health or safety
regulations little Authority led to
crime gambling and prostitution
the citizens were evacuated and the city
was demolished in 1994 despite protests
a park opened up on his grounds in 1995
with some historical artifacts from the
walled city Manila North cemetery Manila
the Philippines the overcrowding in the
Philippines have caused people to move
into a local graveyard this is slowly
happening to other cemeteries as well
the cemetery was transformed into a
village complete with restaurants and
shops and even had electricity and water
installed it's the mausoleum homes every
year on All Saints Day families of the
deceased visit the graves and are
welcomed entertained and served by the
residents
[Music]